Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a zombie horror film
from 2016, titled Train to Busan.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A truck approaches a quarantine zone and is
immediately met by personnel that disinfect
the vehicle.
The driver asks one of them what's going on
and he replies that there was a minor leak
in the biotech district, but that there should
be no big problems.
The driver continues and when he tries to
pick up his ringing phone he hits something
on the road.
He gets out of the truck, seeing it's a dear,
but when he checks that his vehicle has not
bumps, he leaves it on the road.
The animal comes back to life.
Seok-woo is at work, talking to a client on
the phone and discussing the sale of certain
stocks.
He scrolls a news site with reports on the
mysterious deaths of the fish in a reservoir
when his assistant walks in.
Seok-woo tells him to sell all the stocks
from that company.
Later, he parks his car and argues with his
ex-wife on the phone about Soo-an, their daughter.
The girl wants to visit her mom the next day
for her birthday, but he doesn't want to let
her go alone.
He arrives home, where his mother opens the
door for him.
Walking into the girl's room he finds her
talking to her mom on the phone, saying that
she can take the train alone.
She hears him and hangs up.
Seok-woo sits next to Soo-an and asks her
to wait a week until he has less work so he
can take her to Busan.
He gives her the birthday present early.
She opens it, but it turns out she already
has that same thing that he got for her before.
He asks her what else would she want and she
tells him that she wants to go see her mommy.
Soo-an says that she'll go alone so that she
doesn't waste his time.
Seok-woo and his mom talk about the girl.
She tells him to have a heart-to-heart with
his wife when he does go to Busan.
He tells her that it's a crucial period for
him at work, but his mom says that it's a
crucial period in Soo-an's life too, then
leaves him with a camera that has a recording
of the girl's recital he didn't go to.
Seok-woo watches the video and sees how much
she is hurting, so he decides to take her
there.
In the car, he talks to Soo-an about the recital,
trying to make a life lesson out of it, when
he almost hits an ambulance on the road.
They stop and watch an entire cordon drive
by.
Suddenly, the girl notices soot falling from
the sky and a distant fire can be seen in
the reflection of the car.
At the station, the train to Busan is getting
ready to depart.
The conductor walks in his cabin and the attendants
prepare as well.
The coach of a baseball team tells everyone
to sit down, but they see one of their cheerleaders
walk in and cheer.
In-gil offers Jong-gil a boiled egg, just
as Seok-woo and his daughter board the train.
He calls his work and tells them he'll be
back before lunch.
Before the train leaves, a hurt girl runs
into the car.
As it departs, Soo-an sees a man attack a
station worker.
The girl that entered the train has a bite
mark on her leg.
Yon-suk tells one of the attendants that an
odd man jumped the train and that he's been
in the bathroom for a while.
Soo-an is curious and goes to see what's happening.
The man keeps saying that everyone is dead,
but the attendant doesn't understand what
he means and tries to convince him to get
out of the bathroom.
The bitten girl walks through the train and
faints, but no one seems to notice her.
Soo-an wants to go to the bathroom, but runs
into Sang-hwa who's guarding the door for
his wife and tells her to go to another one
in the next car.
The female attendant finds the bitten girl
convulsing and immediately calls for medical
assistance.
Seok-woo is awoken by his phone, when he notices
that Soo-an is missing.
His assistant tells him that something is
happening nationwide.
He hangs up and goes to look for the girl.
The passengers on the car watch the chaos
unraveling on the TV.
The attendant keeps calling her chief and
the bitten girl stands up, fully turned into
a zombie.
Her chief runs toward the car when she doesn't
answer and Soo-an enters a toilet.
The girl is on the attendant's back, biting
her as they walk into a car, frightening the
others.
The baseball team gets attacked next and the
attendant turns as well.
All hell breaks loose.
The chief attendant tells the passengers from
the next car to run.
Meanwhile, Seok-woo looks for his daughter,
but before he can find her he notices something
going on in the other car.
Soo-an hears the screams too.
People run past them both and the father watches
the chief being attacked by the zombie attendant
and the chief turns quickly.
Soo-an appears behind her dad, he grabs her
and runs as they are being chased by a mountain
of zombies throughout the train.
Sang-hwa tells his pregnant wife Seong-kyeong
to hurry when he notices something happening.
A zombie bites into a woman in front of them
and at the behest of Seong-kyeong he tries
to help, but gets attacked.
Seok-woo runs into the next car, while Sang-hwa
locks the zombie in the bathroom.
He tells his wife to run, but soon the other
zombies arrive.
The rest are still watching it all unfold
on TV as people from the other cars run inside.
Seok-woo gets the door, closing it before
Seong-kyeong's face.
Sang-hwa manages to fight off a zombie and
they enter the car, closing the door before
the things can come in.
Seok-woo notices that the zombies don't know
how to open the door and tells the man to
let it go.
He's also realized that they attacked when
they saw them, so Seong-kyeong covers the
door, effectively pacifying the zombies.
The conductor makes an announcement that they
won't be stopping in the next town, so Yon-suk
talks to him on an intercom asking him if
he even knows what's happening in the train.
He says that the order came from the control
center.
Seok-woo gets a call from his mom because
she's worried for them.
She tells him to take care of his daughter.
The woman turns while on the phone with him.
Seok-woo realizes what has happened, but doesn't
tell Soo-an.
The train slows down and people from the station
they're passing begin to bang on the windows,
begging for help, while zombies attack and
eat them.
In a public announcement, a government official
informs the citizens that violent riots have
broken out in several major cities, resulting
in many deaths.
The government has closed down many major
districts.
The people on the train check social media
and see videos of people being attacked.
The announcement continues informing the citizens
that a state of emergency has been declared.
The official states that the citizens shouldn't
trust fake news, to stay calm and at home.
He assures the people that their safety isn't
in danger, as cities burn.
The people in the train have cordoned off
the door and are moving in the opposite direction.
Soo-an tells her dad that her mom's phone
isn't working, so he sits her down while he
tries calling.
In-gil makes Jong-gil take the seat next to
them, so the girl gives In-gil her own seat.
Sang-hwa sees the father and kid approach
and he's still angry that he shut the doors
in their face earlier.
Seok-woo scolds the girl for being selfless,
telling her that she needs to take care of
herself first in situations like these.
Another announcement from the conductor informs
them that they will be stopping at a station
where the military has been deployed to secure
their train.
Seok-woo overhears Yon-suk asking someone
on the phone which cities can be entered and
it seems that the one they will be stopping
in isn't on the list.
He tells his daughter to stay where she is
and goes to the other car to make a call.
Sang-hwa asks the girl about her father and
when she tells him that he's a fund manager,
he comments that it means that he's a bloodsucker.
The kid agrees and his wife tries to lighten
the moon by giving her some candy.
Then she tells her to say "hi" to her baby
and touch the belly.
Soo-an feels it kick.
Seok-woo calls a client that he thinks can
help.
He asks him about the city that they'll stop
at and the man tells Seok-woo that once they
arrive they'll be quarantined.
When Seok-woo tells him that his daughter
is with him and he'll do him a favor if he
helps them, the man says not to go to the
main square, but to the East one.
He'll let his men know.
Seok-woo sees the homeless man in the car.
Later, the train arrives to the city where
the military should be waiting, but no one
is there.
Yon-suk pushes his way out first and all the
others follow, including Seok-woo and his
girl.
The remaining kids from the baseball team
walk out of the train with baseball bats.
One of the attendants takes the conductor
to see the zombie car, when Yon-suk meets
them and tells them that Busan is one of the
only cities left open.
He tells the conductor to uncouple the zombie
car, but it can't be done.
The conductor agrees that they should go to
Busan directly, but wants to bring back the
passengers to the train first.
Meanwhile, the passengers are walking into
the empty station.
Seok-woo enters a cordoned area with Soo-an,
so they can go to the East square.
The homeless man follows them because he heard
his call and wants to come with them.
Soo-an wants to tell the others and gets sad
because her father doesn't let her do it.
As the rest of the passengers go down the
escalator, Sang-hwa notices something strange
about the station.
Simultaneously, a man appears at the end of
the hallway where Seok-woo and Soo-an are
standing, so the homeless man runs after him.
Seok-woo tells Soo-an to stay there and goes
after them too.
When the passengers arrive at the bottom of
the escalator, the military is revealed to
be fully turned into zombies.
The horde attacks the passengers.
Sang-hwa sees it happening in time and gets
his wife on the stairs so they can escape.
Seok-woo gets a call from his client saying
that he can't reach his men, when a zombie
appears behind the officer in the hallway
and attacks him.
The homeless man slips as more zombies appear
and eat the officer.
Seok-woo runs back to Soo-an, who almost gets
eaten, but Sang-hwa saves her.
Seong-kyeong gets her and they run away together.
The baseball team waits for them at the door
and once they come in they close it.
Seok-woo struggles to get a zombie off of
him, when the homeless man helps him and runs
toward the door.
Sang-hwa sees him and opens it, then keeps
it open for Seok-woo.
They all push the door closed together, trying
to lock it.
Seong-kyeong is almost at the train when she
sees that some of the passengers are being
decimated by the train horde.
They still run down the stairs and passengers
enter the train from the other side.
Suddenly, the station horde breaks through
the windows, falling onto the train.
One zombie falls over Jong-gil, but fortunately
it's too broken up to get to her.
Seong-kyeong and Soo-an take the other sister
in the opposite direction, while the zombie
chasses after them.
Jong-gil is saved by an attendant and the
cheerleader.
They get into the train, just in the nick
of time.
The other sister, the girl and pregnant woman
get into another car and let the homeless
man inside before the zombies get to him.
The zombies surround the train so Yon-suk
tells the attendant that they have to go if
they are to survive.
The cheerleader says they can't because her
friends are still out there, but the attendant
calls the conductor and tells him to depart.
Meanwhile, Sang-hwa finally locks the door.
Suddenly, the horde breaks through the glass
as the men are running away.
They see that the train is moving and hurry,
but when they get to the base of the stairs,
two of the baseball players are picked off
by the zombies.
The last one freezes, but Seok-woo gets him
up and running, then inside the train in no
time.
Sang-hwa lags behind and Seok-woo extends
his hand to him, but the man picks up a baton
and shield, saving him from incoming zombies
instead.
He eventually gets inside the train too.
Meanwhile, the conductor calls the control
center and asks if there's an open path to
Busan.
He's advised to continue there, but he asks
to be informed when contact has been made
with the station.
Seong-kyeong and the others are caught between
two zombie cars.
She sees an open toilet and signals the others
to join.
Everyone gets inside and when Seong-kyeong
steps in a zombie attacks her.
They barely hold off the door, when the other
zombies follow.
Inside the other part of the train, some of
the people are covering the glass doors, when
the conductor makes an announcement that they
will be headed straight to Busan.
The cheerleader gets a call from the last
baseball player and he says he's sorry because
no one else survived.
Simultaneously, Seok-woo is trying to reach
his daughter, when suddenly he hears Sang-hwa
talking to her on his phone.
She tells him that they're trapped in a toilet
in car 13.
The baseball player tells them that the rest
are in car 15.
The men prepare to rescue the others.
Sang-hwa plans out their strategy, putting
himself upfront, the boy in the middle and
Seok-woo in the back.
They'll wait till they pass the tunnel.
The zombies spot them immediately and the
three of them go in fighting.
Sang-hwa begins killing zombies with his bare
hands and Seok-woo helps him from his flank.
The boy uses his bat as a weapon and they
fight as a unstoppable team.
The next car is full of zombie baseball players
and the boy freezes up.
Sang-hwa pushes him away and fights the zombies.
Seok-woo finds one of their bats and tries
to fight them off.
The two of them are deadlocked with the baseball
zombies and the boy can't do anything.
Suddenly, they pass through another tunnel
and the zombies begin acting strangely.
Seok-woo makes a noise with the bat which
the zombies follow and they are able to escape.
The train passes the tunnel in the moment
they go through the doors and the zombies
attack again.
They rest between cars, when Seok-woo gets
an idea to use their phones as decoys once
the train goes through a tunnel.
They enter the car in the darkness when the
zombies can't see them and Seok-woo throws
Sang-hwa's phone in the back of the car.
He calls it and the zombies flock to it, so
they escape without fighting.
They reach the toilet and everyone is happy
to see each other.
The baseball player finds another toilet and
when they pass the tunnel he gets the others
inside.
Seok-woo has figured out how long they have
to the next tunnel and the boy texts his girl
in car 15.
The cheerleader is happy that he'll be arriving
at their car alive so she shares it with the
others.
Yon-suk naturally doesn't like the fact that
their coming, since they might be infected.
The rest of the people seem to agree with
him.
She begs the attendant to help her make the
others understand, but he agrees with Yon-suk
as well.
Once the train reaches a tunnel everyone gets
out of the toilets, but now they'll have to
figure out how to get past the zombies.
Everyone crawls through the luggage racks.
Seok-woo diverts the attention of the zombies
and they get down in the car.
Then move in the next car.
The homeless man falls over and Seok-woo goes
to help him.
They both get stranded in the car when the
train passes the tunnel.
Seok-woo counts down until they run, but the
homeless man steps on a soda can and attracts
the zombies.
They still get through the door, but Sang-hwa
ends up holding it, because a zombie gets
lodged in it.
The baseball player calls to his girl in the
other car because that door is locked.
The people from car 15 have sealed the door
from their side and keep the girl from telling
them that.
Seok-woo goes over to help Sang-hwa, as the
boy tries to smash the other door.
Suddenly, a zombie bites Sang-hwa.
They finally smash the door to the other car
and the baseball player tries to come in,
but Yon-suk holds the door.
As the other men try to help him, Jong-gil
and the cheerleader fight them from the inside.
Seong-kyeong begins walking to her husband,
but he tells her to stay away, then tells
Seok-woo to take her and leave because he's
getting tired.
Sang-hwa asks him to take care of her and
Seok-woo says he's sorry.
Suddenly, the door breaks apart and the two
have to go.
Sang-hwa doesn't go down without a fight and
keeps he zombies at bay.
The others open the door and come inside.
Seok-woo grabs his daughter and Seong-kyeong,
but doesn't get to In-gil in time.
He closes the door and immediately attacks
Yon-suk, calling him a bastard.
Yon-suk says that Seok-woo is infected and
the attendant tells them to move in the vestibule.
The passengers from car 15 all tell them to
get out.
The homeless man goes first.
The cheerleader doesn't want to stay with
them so she goes with the baseball player.
Seong-kyeong tells Soo-an that they should
go too and Seok-woo follows.
The others seal them inside the vestibule.
Jong-gil sees her zombie sister on the other
side of the door and opens it before anyone
can stop her.
The passengers from car 15 get stormed by
the zombies.
Meanwhile, the conductor calls in to ask about
the situation in Busan.
He doesn't get an answer, but sees fires burning
in the city.
Seok-woo finally talks to his daughter.
He says that he'll take her to her mom for
her birthday.
Later, Seok-woo gets a call from his assistant
who tells him that Busan has the best defense
of all the cities.
He also tells him that the virus started in
one of their companies.
The train breaks suddenly, because there's
a blockade.
The conductor makes an announcement that he'll
find another train to get the remaining people
to Busan.
Yon-suk and the attendant have survived the
zombie attack.
The conductor checks the first train he sees,
but since it's filled with zombies he goes
to find another one.
Seok-woo tells the rest that they have to
move and find a way to Busan.
Meanwhile, the conductor keeps looking for
another train.
He finds an empty one and moves it.
Yon-suk and the attendant are stuck in the
toilet.
He tells the attendant to go first and pushes
him into the zombies to escape.
Meanwhile, a burning car hurls into the trains
where the survivors are and separates them.
The baseball player gets the cheerleader in
a train and while he tries to break open the
door, Yon-suk enters, sacrificing the girl
and leaving the baseball player to fight off
the zombie.
He escapes and the boy gets rid of the zombie.
The girl begins to turn in his arms and then
bites him.
Meanwhile, Soo-an wakes Seok-woo.
The two of them, Seong-kyeong and the homeless
man are trapped under a zombie car.
Yon-suk runs toward the moving train and when
the conductor tries to help him, he leaves
him behind too.
The train car keeps collapsing, but Seok-woo
finds a way out.
As he turns to pull the others out, the gap
caves in.
The zombies break through the windows of the
train car and the homeless man tries to stop
them from getting to the girls.
Seok-woo opens up the gap again and the two
of them get out, leaving the man behind.
Seong-kyeong, Seok-woo and the kid run away
from the horde and after the moving train
car.
All the zombies from the station run toward
the car, piling on top of each other.
They all get on the train, but so do the zombies.
They're holding tight to it and Seok-woo tries
to get them off, succeeding eventually.
The three of them look for the conductor,
but find a half-turned Yon-suk in the cabin
instead.
He manages to open the door.
Seok-woo tells him that he's infected and
when the turn is complete, he begins to attack
them.
Seok-woo fights him and Seong-kyeong gets
him off his back.
The man grabs Yon-suk and he bites him.
Seok-woo chains himself on the train, then
flings the man off.
He realizes that his bitten, so before he
turns he gets both of them inside the cabin
and tells them where the breaks must be.
Seok-woo tells Soo-an to stay with Seong-kyeong
and get to Busan where it's safe.
She can't let him go, but he releases himself
from the girl's grip before he can turn and
exits the cabin, leaving her behind crying
and screaming after him.
As he begins to turn into a zombie he remembers
the day that Soo-an was born, then jumps off
the train car.
Seong-kyeong and Soo-an have to stop and leave
the train because there's a blockade on the
tracks.
They continue on foot through the ruble and
the bodies.
The two enter a dark tunnel.
The military is on the other side.
A sniper has them in aim, but he can't tell
if they're infected.
An order comes to kill them, when suddenly
Soo-an starts singing her recital song.
The soldiers make the call that survivors
are approaching.